You didn't tell him?
I invited a friend to dinner in this imperial hall today
I said
It's just that the eldest young master said that no matter who it is
Must leave immediately
I therefore snubbed his guests
All consequences are borne by yourself
His eldest brother is waiting for me to be domineering
He smiles.
Today is nothing more than to give me a slap in the face
Then find a few people of higher status than him
I heard it was the leader from the city
Ouch, that's better
Old Ou, I have been in Shu for so many days
Buy me dinner?
Change what another day
No, retire.
Today, I'm waiting for you at the Crown Hotel.
Come let's continue
Never mind.
Just tell him
I also invited a big person to dinner here
I'm afraid I can't let it go a second time
He Yu is also here
Invite friends to dinner